hello YouTube um it's 23 Sports King 23
just got back from a soccer game and on
my way home I decided to pick up a bench
to work out a little bit because sort of
week and I play all these sports an
idiot stronger so on my way home I
bought this bench
marci bench standard bench arm picked it
up at Sports Authority for 120 bucks
it's a very good bench so far the only
slight problem I had with it was while I
was setting it up you get to put on
these plastic parts or whatever right
here and watch out and put it on this
kind of came off a little bit it's not a
big a big deal or anything doesn't
affect it at all but I'll try to get
another piece you can get those like
easily anywhere so here's the actual
bench you got the right here you got the
preacher curls preacher curls if very
good um this has two adjustable spot you
can adjust it right here it's either
this way where it is right now or you go
a little bit higher um got the leg lifts
up and down and then you got like a
clamp comes with three clamps um this is
just one of them and you put your
weights here obviously huh and you got
the actual bench Morrisey silver and
black pretty nice I like it a lot
um got these nice metal one piece and
you just attach everything else
um you got this right here you could
store your uh your plates here and it's
also used to lightweight downs and come
out while you're on the bench or
anything you got one here with a clamp
and one with a clamp um it took me about
three hours to build this and this is
right after a soccer game and it says it
should be at least two people building
this so takes one thirteen year old
after soccer to it which is uh pretty
sad yeah three hours easily put together
one thing I forgot to mention was the
actual like seat right here moves up and
down you can do that by taking out this
little rod right here
moving all me that's three positions
medium low medium and then it has high
all working out your upper chest high so
I'll probably start on the thumb at the
beginner pretty much he gets under yeah
has I said got it for $120 at Sports
Authority go get it
very good bench um a post another video
probably in a day or two of me actually
working out seeing how well this bench
holds up the comment rate subscribe five
star thanks you too then goodbye